converter for istio in-cluster operator config to sail operator config (#616)
istio-ecosystem/sail-operator: docs/README.md

Sail Operator's Istio resource does not have a `spec.components` field. Instead, you can enable and disable components directly by setting `spec.values.<component>.enabled: true/false`. Other functionality exposed through `spec.components` like the k8s overlays is not currently available.

### Converter Script
This script is used to convert an Istio in-cluster operator configuration to a Sail Operator configuration. Upon execution, a new YAML file will be created in the same directory which ISTIO-OPERATOR-CONFIG-YAML is present. The new file will be named: sail-operator-config.yaml

#### Usage
It is necessary to set ISTIO_VERSION and ISTIO_NAMESPACE as environment variables to be able to run the script.

```bash

> export ISTIO_VERSION=v1.23.0

Reviewer: nit: 

```suggestion
export ISTIO_VERSION=v1.24.0
```

export ISTIO_NAMESPACE=istio-system

> ./tools/configuration-converter.sh <ISTIO_OPERATOR_CONFIG_YAML_WITH_PATH>

Author: This script will be downloaded and executed from [integ-suite-ocp.sh](https://github.com/openshift-service-mesh/istio/blob/master/prow/integ-suite-ocp.sh) We are planning to run downstream integration tests with it and in there these env variables are already defined. Also since integ-suite-ocp.sh already gets many arguments(tests suite to run, tests to skip) It would have been so confusing.

> ./tools/configuration-converter.sh <ISTIO_OPERATOR_CONFIG_YAML_WITH_PATH>

Reviewer 2: OK, but can't `integ-suite-ocp.sh` simply pass the environment variables as arguments to the converter? It's weird that a shell script takes one required input as an argument, and other required inputs as an env var. 

Also, won't users try to use this script as well? To convert examples from the upstream docs, for example.

Sail Operator's Istio resource does not have a `spec.components` field. Instead, you can enable and disable components directly by setting `spec.values.<component>.enabled: true/false`. Other functionality exposed through `spec.components` like the k8s overlays is not currently available.

### Converter Script

> This script is used to convert an Istio in-cluster operator configuration to a Sail Operator configuration. Upon execution, a new YAML file will be created in the same directory which ISTIO-OPERATOR-CONFIG-YAML is present. The new file will be named: sail-operator-config.yaml

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This script is used to convert an Istio in-cluster operator configuration to a Sail Operator configuration. Upon execution, a new YAML file will be created in the same directory as the source YAML file. The new file will be named: sail-operator-config.yaml
```

Reviewer 2: Also, wouldn't it be better to generate the new file name from the original file name, and just adding `sail.yaml` as the suffix? If someone has multiple files to convert, it would be a hassle to have to rename the output file every time. And if they don't rename it, the file gets overwritten; what if the person doesn't notice?

Author: Done. added an optional argument for output file. If not present it will add -sail.yaml suffix to input file

#### Usage
To run the configuration-converter.sh script, you need to provide three arguments:

> ISTIO_OPERATOR_CONFIG_YAML_WITH_PATH: Path to the Istio operator configuration YAML file.
> ISTIO_NAMESPACE: The Kubernetes namespace for the Istio deployment.
> ISTIO_VERSION: The version of Istio to be used.

Reviewer 2: Since the `ISTIO_OPERATOR_CONFIG_YAML_WITH_PATH`, `ISTIO_NAMESPACE`, and `ISTIO_VERSION` aren't shown in the example, you can probably just remove them here and just explain the arguments (in the correct order):
```suggestion
- The path to the Istio operator configuration YAML file.
- The Kubernetes namespace for the Istio deployment.
- The version of Istio to be used.
```

Author: Done modified readme

### Converter Script
This script is used to convert an Istio in-cluster operator configuration to a Sail Operator configuration. Upon execution, the script takes an input YAML file and istio version and generates a sail operator configuration file.

#### Usage
To run the configuration-converter.sh script, you need to provide four arguments, only input file is required other arguments are optional:

1. Input file path (<input>): The path to your Istio operator configuration YAML file (required).
2. Output file path (<output>): The path where the converted Sail configuration will be saved. If not provided, the script will save the output with -sail.yaml appended to the input file name.
3. Namespace (-n <namespace>): The Kubernetes namespace for the Istio deployment. Defaults to istio-system if not provided.
4. Version (-v <version>): The version of Istio to be used. If not provided, the `spec.version` field will be omitted from the output file and the operator will deploy the latest version when the YAML manifest is applied.

```bash

> ./tools/configuration-converter.sh /path/to/input.yaml [optional-output.yaml] -n [optional-namespace] -v [optional-version]

Reviewer 2: Small correction needed:
```suggestion
./tools/configuration-converter.sh /path/to/input.yaml [optional-output.yaml] [-n optional-namespace] [-v optional-version]
```

#### Usage
To run the configuration-converter.sh script, you need to provide four arguments, two of which are mandatory. The script uses default values for the optional arguments:

1. Input file path (-i <input>): The path to your Istio operator configuration YAML file (mandatory).
2. Output file path (-o <output>): The path where the converted Sail configuration will be saved. If not provided, the script will save the output with -sail.yaml appended to the input file name.
3. Namespace (-n <namespace>): The Kubernetes namespace for the Istio deployment. Defaults to istio-system if not provided.
4. Version (-v <version>): The version of Istio to be used (mandatory).

```bash
./tools/configuration-converter.sh -i /path/to/input.yaml -o [optional-output.yaml] -n [optional-namespace] -v [version]
```

##### Sample command with default namespace and output:

```bash
./tools/configuration-converter.sh -i /home/user/istio_config.yaml -v v1.24.3
```

##### Sample command with custom output and namespace:

```bash

> ./tools/configuration-converter.sh -i /home/user/input/istio_config.yaml -o /home/user/output/output.yaml -n custom-namespace -v v1.24.3

Author: Done. I have removed -i and -o arguments and updated readme
